Oh
hey youtubers it's cheating the system
21 with another video yes it's not a lie
there is a super easy way to downgrade
your PSP or on break your PSP with
Pandora's battery and i created this
file here just by basically taking the
files of a totally finished Pandora's
battery and uploading it on my computer
then uploading it on megaupload and
you'll see a link in the description and
unlike the mp4 converter there will be a
link there is a wink all right now if
you click on the link it should take you
to megaupload com and there if you see
it says Pandora's battery super easy
does it it's very small file fairly
anyway all I have to do if you've never
used my got blowed before is type in
that in capital letters there and then
hit download and then just hit okay um
so I've already got it uploaded onto my
computer there it is right there okay so
I'm just gonna open that up okay so
you'll see two files memory stick and I
read me the readme you don't actually
have to read unless you find this
tutorial unsuccessful alright so the
first step we're going to do is get our
psps what I didn't want to do with our
psps is go to format memory stick now
make sure before you do this step you
upload all your files onto your computer
so you can put them back on your memory
6 you don't lose all you save that and
if you are wondering i do have custom
firmware now so if you're wondering why
my logos were different that's why then
after that you're going to put your PSP
into USB mode or just put your memory
stick right into the computer whichever
you prefer and the
you should see a bunch of folders now
you don't have to do this step but it
helps take across and delete every
single folder and it's not for space
it's just you have to do it we don't
have to do it but it helps sometimes
with the Pandora's back now whether you
did that step or not go into the zip
that you downloaded for megaupload okay
you'll see a whole bunch of folders
simply drag and drop them into the root
of your memory stick and the PSP folder
all you'll have to do is open that up
and put it in your game folder so oh and
just so you know um you will have to
have either a custom from our PSP or a
1.5 from our PSP to do this as you can
see I now have all of those folders into
the root of my memory stick and I did
not delete all the folders but you
didn't have to do that okay so now what
you want to do is take your PSP out of
USB mode now go over to the game folder
anywhere and it's that thing ah right
there Pandora's battery creator open
that up now when it's loaded you will
see this hit the X button to turn your
battery into a Pandora's battery that's
right it was that easy done wait for it
to exit
now turn your PlayStation off remove
your memory stick and your battery what
you want to do first is put your memory
stick right back in there then you have
to use them every six first then put
your battery in there you will see these
lights flashing if it has been done
correctly there you go there it is
that's the PS that's the Pandora's
battery menu hit X to downgrade your PSP
what you have to you to remake your van
doors battery into normal plug-in power
without the battery and then your PSP
will start normally okay open this again
Pandora's battery creator but before you
do that put the Pandora's battery back
in all right there it is I put it back
in that's charging now so I'm doing this
to turn it back into a normal battery
alright so what you're going to want to
do is you're gonna want to hit square
that turn it off turn it back on again
there you go hello you're Pandora's
battery is not a Pandora's battery any
longer